Doxygen (#78)
bmwcarit/MoCOCrW: doc/examples/example_asymm_key.md

# Asymmetric Key Example

# Asymmetric Key Generation

## Key Generation with default values

> The following code is going to generate a RSA key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is going to generate an RSA key.
```

A default-spec is an RSASpec with 2048 bit modulus.

> In this case the variable to receive the key is rsaKeyPair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the variable to receive the key is rsaKeyPair.
```

```cpp
mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair rsaKeyPair = mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair::generateRSA();
```

The following code is going to generate an ECC key.
A default-spec is an ECCspec with a PRIME_256v1 curve (aka NIST P-256 or secp256r1).

> In this case the variable to receive the key is eccKeyPair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the variable to receive the key is eccKeyPair.
```

```cpp
mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair eccKeyPair = mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair::generateECC();
```

## Custom Key Generation

> It's possible to generate custom keys by providing the generate method with a RSASpec or ECCSpec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to generate custom keys by providing the generate method with an RSASpec or ECCSpec.
```

## Custom RSA Key

A default RSA key size is set up in case none is specified by the user.

> In this example the function receives a RSASpec parameter with a size of 1024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the function receives an RSASpec parameter with a size of 1024.
```

SECT_409r1 = NID_sect409r1,
SECT_571k1 = NID_sect571k1,
SECT_571r1 = NID_sect571r1,
```

```cpp
mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair eccKeyPairSect571r1 = mococrw::AsymmetricKeypair::generate(mococrw::ECCSpec{openssl::ellipticCurveNid::SECT_571r1});
```

# Saving Asymmetric Keys in PEM format

## Writing Public key to Pem

Another functionality of the library is writing the key to a Pem string.
A default RSA key pair is being written to Pem. The process is the same
regardless the key type.

```cpp
const std::string pemOfKey = rsaKeyPair.publicKeyToPem();
```

## Writing Private key to Pem

When writing a private key to a Pem we must give it a password.

```cpp
const std::string pemOfPrivateKey = eccPrivKey.privateKeyToPem("password");
```

# Key Reading from PEM

## Reading a Public Key from a PEM string

> The following variables pemEccPrivKeySect409k1 and pemEccPubKeySect409k1 are strings which are going to hold the Private and the Public PEM's Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following variables pemEccPrivKeySect409k1 and pemEccPubKeySect409k1 are strings that hold the Private and the Public PEM's Key.
```

Public Key:
```cpp
std::string pemEccPubKeySect409k1{R"(-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
MH4wEAYHKoZIzj0CAQYFK4EEACQDagAEAAdjoVwkpy9CPA8RU3sd0aXV/XnHw5nE
7HgINd6ApxCaknRebk4Vgbgz04588YqjqQpQTAA+hxkUt1ZInurAHTt/ECQpvt1Y
OTBgNigakbLzq1LsbbyLWJsH5diall6Is+lgy2Mu1EA=
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----)"};
```

```cpp
mococrw::AsymmetricPublicKey eccPubKey = mococrw::AsymmetricPublicKey::readPublicKeyFromPEM(KeyHandlingTests::_pemEccPubKeySect409k1);
```

## Reading a Private Key from PEM

> The correct password must be written to get the private key.

Reviewer: written? Rather provided?

## Reading a Public Key from a PEM string

> The following variables pemEccPrivKeySect409k1 and pemEccPubKeySect409k1 are strings that hold the Private and the Public PEM's Key.

Reviewer 2: PEM's Key is weird, maybe reformulate to "PEM representation of the public and private key, respectively"?
